Please select a wordflip.
Your Majesty, please come out here first.
Novaf YJJ children.
There's an older brother who shouts at us to 412.
Please be patient and come closer.
No need both now and then.
Herbert is one of us.
Oh, what shall I do? Let me tell you this policy.
I will come later. No matter what happens,
I will not leave until I hear whether there is an enemy or not.
I will go to the place of death.
I will definitely die together with you.
I will die together with you.
This street is a detour.
I will go to the place of death.
I will die together with you.
Oh, what?
I'm going to leave tonight.
I shall go to the place of death.
I couldn't talk to this policy, Maho?
Are you talking about me?
Maho, I've come to tell you this news.
I heard that a singing singer is going to be
sent off to the place of death.